Meeting Minutes 1:
Tuesday 30th September
12:00-13:00
Location: University

Attended by: 19320394, 19319077, 19387653, 19326044

We established which subsystems each person would do and added it to the README.md file. 

We looked into our subsystems and discussed how we would link them together.

We initialised the folders and sorted out our group GitHub. We structured it in a way that makes it easy to read and organise

We dove further into our respective subsystems and we said we'll gather information so that we can discuss it in the next meeting minutes